This week I have started to program the main functionality of my project. I implemented The Breadth first algorithm and made decent progress on the graphical user interface. I have more or less decided on how I want my project to function/look. Right now I have only implemented movement in four directions with the BFS algorithm, but I am planning on adding the diagonal directions. I will need to move away from the mazes with a corridor length of one to actually take advantage of the additional directions, I am not positive yet if I will use mazes with larger corridors or move entirely away from mazes to random maps with obstacles. This week I have learned how to implement more features for the graphical user interface in java, the very basics on writing tests for code and the basic idea of Javadoc comments. The main problems I faced this week were related to geting Netbeans to import javafx and have it work on my project, remembering the syntax of Java, writting adequate test, and geting the tools for test coverage to work. The project's sufficent complexity requirements have been somewhat unclear for me, my updated idea for my project is to find the shortest path between two points in a maze/map with eight directions of movement available using Dijkstra's, Jump point search and/or Fringe search algorithms. Next week I need to read about Jump point search and Fringe search algorithms to see which one/ones I will implement, learn how to create thorough tests and increase test coverage and get a tool for test coverage working. 

I spent around 20 hours this week for this class but around 5 of thoses were spent exclusively geting javafx to work.
